
# Installation

:::info

This product does **not** use Axon licensing and therefore cannot be downloaded on the Axon website. Find the model [here](https://create.roblox.com/marketplace/asset/6821432149/). This model is FREE to use.

:::
### 1) Enable HTTP Requests (OPTIONAL) {#1}

:::info

If you would like to take advantage of the webhook feature that this product has, please enable the HTTP Requests as per the instructions below

:::

In Roblox Studio with your selected game open, click the 'Home' tab, then 'Game Settings'. Move to the 'Security' tab in the open window and make sure the slider for 'Allow HTTP Requests' is enabled and then hit 'Save'.

<iframe width="705.61" height="397.5" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/qtKN_3Moi7M" title="Enabling HTTP Requests" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share; fullscreen"></iframe>


### 2) Product Insertion {#2}
Insert your file by 'dragging' the product file into Roblox Studio from the toolbox with your game fully loaded. Use `CTRL + U` to ungroup the model.

### 3) Product Installation {#3}
Use the built in Roblox movement tools to position the inserted doors and readers.
You can change the Readers and Buttons used on each door by placing the readers and buttons you wish to use in the applicable folders via the roblox explorer, But remember to delete any unneeded ones!

:::warning

There are a number of reasons your doors may not be working correctly. These include:
- The doors colliding with parts (These may be invisible or unions with incorrect collisions)
- 'Join Surfaces' is enabled. This will weld your doors to any parts they collide with whilst you are installing them.
- Using 3rd party movement tools such as 'Building Tools by F3X' have been known to break our doors during installation.

:::

### 4) Product Configuration {#4}
Please be aware there are 2 main configuration files, Both being named 'Settings'. One is located as soon as you open up a door model, and the other one is contained in the DWProx Model of the door. The first one gives basic door control. I.e. Different modes, if it uses the nudge aspect if on mode 2, the different target angles etc. The latter script is where you can whitelist users and groups and where you can configure the Webhooks to say what is logged.

This also contains the global API settings which is explained elsewhere.

:::info

If you require more assistance, please make a ticket in our [Discord server](https://discord.whitehill.group) (13+)

:::

:::info

If your product still doesn't work, and it is a new baseplate, please try restarting Roblox Studio. Sometimes, Roblox likes to say it can't work, but, in actual fact, it does work if you just restart Roblox Studio.

:::
